All right guys so we're going to jump right in and start to learn aged him out.
We're gonna learn all the important age HTML5 tags attributes we'll learn how to insert images into
pages links form stuff like that and I realize that a lot of you guys probably already know some of
this stuff.
So feel free to skip around skip some videos if you want to skip this whole section altogether that's
fine.
Later on after section three we'll be getting into like CSX grid and flex blocks and animations and
more difficult stuff.
But again I want this course to be very friendly for absolute beginners that have never even touched
aged him out before.
OK so let's go ahead and create a new folder for our aged him all files so we'll just go ahead and right
click and say new folder and I'm going to rename this to h t AML sandbox.
And the idea here is for every section or every video I should say we're gonna be touching on a different
topic.
So for instance we'll look at like links and images and a video will look at forms and input and I want
to have a separate file for each video and create a sandbox that you can use as a reference if you need
to go back to it later on to see how it how a tag is structured or what attributes it takes.
Things like that.
OK.
So let's go ahead and open this up in V.S. code in Visual Studio code and there's a few ways to do that.
If you're on Windows you should be able to right click and say open with code you can do it that way.
If you're on a Mac you can drag it down to your VSO code icon in your bar down below or you can just
open up V.S. code and just click open folder and then search for it.
So mine's on my desktop.
There it is each team sandbox and I'll go ahead and open.
All right so we can close this up.
And now on the side you can see the HDMI sandbox folder is open.
So let's go ahead and create our first h t AML file and I'm basically going to create a file called
index dot HDMI all comma but dot HDMI all.
Now there's something really important for Windows users if you are seeing a dot t XY here after the
dot each time l.
Then you have to actually change something in your folder settings.
All right.
So I have a screenshot here.
If you're on Windows and you're seeing a dot t x t you should check this anyways to make sure that this
box is unchecked.
What you want to do is go to your view tab in your your file manager and go to options right here and
then click change folder and search options.
You'll get a box like this that pops up and you want to click the View tab and make sure that this is
unchecked.
This Hide extensions for known file types.
You want it to show the file extension.
So just just make sure that that's unchecked if you're on Windows.
All right.
So I just wanted to mention that you don't run into problems.
So now we have an HD e-mail file.
So what do we do with this.
We need to put in what's called an h t email tag K so each team all files are full of h t mail tags
which surround content.
So let's take a look at how each team all tags are actually formatted.
So elements are surrounded in angle brackets.
So basically this the the less than and greater than signs.
So the element here for example is an H1 and different elements do different things.
This is a heading tag.
There's actually H1 through age 6 and I'm going to go over that in another video.
But basically this will make this text much bigger.
OK this here is a paragraph tag which is just four paragraphs just regular sized text.
And notice that there's an opening tag and there's a closing tag or a start and an end tag and the end
tag has a forward slash.
OK.
So that's how you identify the ending tag.
Now there are some self closing tags for stuff that doesn't have content inside of it like the H1 in
the paragraph.
They have content inside the bizarre tag is actually just a line break.
So it just kind of skips a line.
So there's no need to put any content inside of it.
So it's a self closing tag it doesn't need an ending tag.
Now notice that this one has a slash in this one doesn't this is actually a remnant of x h t AML which
is a derivative of HCM.
And it's not used that much anymore.
Each 5 is definitely the standard.
That's what you want to learn in HMO five you could use either of these.
So you can use the x each team El version with the line or the slash but you don't need to.
This would be just fine.
OK.
So this is how tags are structured.
So what I'm going to do now is just put in a couple tags and I want to show you how to open an HMO file
in the browser.
So remember tags have an opening angle bracket and we'll do an H1 which is a heading.
We'll close that H1 and with this code every text editor as is different with Visa's code it's going
to the tag for you.
OK.
So notice that the ending tag was put in automatically which is very helpful and this code actually
has a tool that comes pre installed called Emmett which you can use to type really fast each team Alan
I'm going to show you some some tips and tricks with Emmett.
As we move along so let's put something in here we'll just say welcome to my Web site and then we're
gonna go on the next line and we're going to put a paragraph tag.
Now remember we have Emmett installed in with him and we can just do PE because we want to p a paragraph
tag with it which is a P and then we can hit enter or tab.
You can do enter a tab and it will actually complete it for us.
OK.
So it makes it very easy if we want you know an H to tag we can do H to enter if we want.
So let's say an image tag we can do I am G enter and that will actually give us the attributes that
we need.
I'm going to go over all this stuff later so don't worry about it.
But just to show you that Emmett is very helpful and it allows you to write aged him out very fast.
OK.
So in the paragraph let's just say this is my very first Web site.
So we just have it heading tag and a paragraph.
Let's go ahead and save this.
You can either go to file save or you can just do control assets or command assets on a Mac and that
will save the file.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and minimize this and let's go into our age team our sandbox folder and you can
see we have our index start each team I'll file.
Now you might have a different icon.
It's probably going to be whatever your default browser is it could be Chrome or Safari or edge if you're
on Windows.
So you just want to open this with a browser.
So I'm actually going to right click and just say open with Google Chrome which is my default browser
and there it is.
So you can see that the H One is a large heading and then the paragraph is just just normal sized text.
But this is in fact an each team file you can see in the in the U.R.L. bar here.
It gives us the full path.
OK.
Yours will probably be different but mine is in my desktop in HDMI sandbox and then index HD CML.
Now of course when you upload this to a web host it'll be your domain name.
So let's say you registered my Web site dot com which of course is already taken but we'll use that
as an example.
So this would be replace this file.
This stuff here would all be replaced with whatever your domain is.
Now there's a reason that I called that index each team L and this name here is significant because
when you call it index dot h t AML This is your home page.
If we were to upload this to a host with let's say my Web site dot com is the domain.
If we go to my Web site dot com it's going to load the index page.
OK.
So it's very important to understand that whatever you want your home page you want to call that index
and then any other page you can call whatever you want.
Like let's say you had an about page that listed your company info or something like that.
You could create an about Dot HCM out page upload it and then you would go to my Web site dot com slash
about Dot HDMI all OK and that would load that but index is significant because that's always going
to be your home page.
All right.
So now that we have created an age team I'll file and open it opened it with Chrome in the next video
I'm going to show you how to correctly structure in each Tim I'll document because this isn't correct.
There's some other things that we need to add in order for it to be valid.
Each team I'll document.
All right.
So we'll get into that next.